time to
work poison this hit you with a kiss dring vom DP F ging her lip M poison
this hit you with a kiss dring vom DP F gripping her lip Hallelujah yo Cobra
moving slow strike you with the glow deadly as you know poison to the touch
rubba duba dub the sea gave up its dead over flowing cup Hades extra love Thanos
and Athena dance with Madia the voices in the wind he not why you listen QP
number shouldn't mess with this my girl is poisonous Purple Rain and kiss
Vampirella lives and virra that's my chick Dragon Venom drip Fang gripping
her lip Catherine of the wheel I seen the M purple triple Beamer sticky icky
creeper The Muse dance with Mia cine media Harting the dreamers nois hit you
with a kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip Michael's poison this hit you
with a kiss dring bom drip
F welcome back to Lady Babylon this is Al and you tonight and we have a lot of
ground to cover we have some places to go that you haven't been I know that it'll be a little bit uncomfortable for
you at times but you'll have to stretch to adapt um good job what I want to
bring to you first of all is a clip tonight oh God and I want to say thank you to everybody involved with the music
with the videos with all of the alphabet videos those are fantastic people are
pouring in with with with h support for pushing forward I totally respect that
it takes initiative I respect that um tonight I want to begin with a little
clip from Gnostic informant I just want to give you a taste it's a kick in your
teeth are you ready for some history that you didn't know are you ready for some of the dark dark
goodness ah some of that antimatter here we go um chewy I'm gonna
have chewy run this clip right up front right up front hit it according to St
epiphanius the following passage is from a lost Gospel called greater questions
of Mary Jesus Took Mary Magdalene aside and
brought her to the top top of a mountain praying he produced a woman from his
side he began to have sex with her then partaking of his Omission he says eat my
flesh and drink my blood thus we must do that we may live and when Mary was
alarmed she fell to the ground he raised her up and said to her oh thou of little
faith wherefore did thou doubt and they say that this is the mean of the Gospel
if I have told you Earthly things and you believe not how shall you believe in
the Heavenly things and so when you see the son of man ascending up where he was
before in other words when you see the admission being partaken of it where it
came and then Christ said except you eat my flesh and drink my blood one cannot
enter the Kingdom of Heaven Jesus was asking Mary to drink his semen and
the disciples were Disturbed in reply all right so I wanted you to see
that ancient source um fantastic it is epiphanous we're talking about and
epiphanous is going to be um preserving for us a whole bunch of the history of
early Christianity and people like to poooo him and like to say oh
epiphanous everything you say is wrong and questionable because oh it's so
disgusting now on the classic side it's not so disgusting it's things that
they're doing in mystery cult so it's not shocking and it shouldn't be taken it should be handled as a source I was
reading epiphanous today um because Gnostic mentioned mentioned uh him and
uh he says very very very clearly look the
pagans right those Greek authors how he talks about them is the Greek authors in different fields you know
historiographers etc etc you know it's very sophisticated what good stuff and he
says hey um these Greek people you know um they're always invoking calling upon
this Muse and um this Muse is an Earthly Dion
and then he differentiates the muse from the Christian Dion he who is called the
Tyrant and that Christian power is um
able to do certain things blah blah blah says ous and then he goes through a list he goes through a list of all of these
different sects oh my God it must be a thousand of those things no it's not a thousand it's probably I don't know I
didn't count them but it's dozens and dozens doz and dozens and dozens so couple hundred at least um yeah maybe a
hundred maybe hundred any who what I want you to notice is one of them has a gospel one of these Christian groups has
a gospel where jesus takes Mary Magdalene up into the mountain oh God
it's gonna go baky from here isn't it yes it is don't worry about it it fits
right into the mystery but what does Mary Magdalene do
she is forcibly the
receptacle of the Hima of Jesus for those of you who
thought these things are all made up I want you to realize they're coming to us right out of the Greek right out of the
Greek and as people begin to see this and they begin to say oh my you know
it's there's always that Awakening that moment punch in the face right you mean
Jesus was up in the mountain with Mary Magdalene it makes sense about why they were calling a prostitute and all that
kind of stuff like that it makes sense let's jump let's jump head first right
into some words tonight now at Al andu tonight technically we're looking we're
starting unit one because everybody hit the alphabet and we all know it we all
know it we can say it now if they stop us and make us say the alphabet walk
lines we can say it don't do that though um here we go in unit one and what I
want to introduce you to what is unique to am and you that you won't get anywhere else is I'm going to show you
how words work in the hands of great great mother this is gorgeous give me
the first one get no give me the first one up at the top up at the top beautiful give me the first one here we
go before before we get there I need you to know for reference sake because
you're going to be dealing with people from the biblical study side and the religious history and that that
religious history is a little bit better but the biblical study side those people are awful and they take the reality and
they contort it and they say there's a reality that is ours the Christian reality and it's this fairy tale and
then there's paganism and everything else right and the two are not the same thing they're differentiating between
two people walking down the same Roman sidewalk oh
God what lies we're gonna get rid of the first
linguistic lie tonight as you're sitting here in am and you and you are entering
into the study of ancient Greek I want you to realize what ancient Greek is what does it say to it says how many
words did ancient Hebrew have because the biblical studies people are going to be throwing Hebrew at you it's
completely irrelevant completely historically irrelevant it is
a lie a language of fabrication how do we know that look
look how many words did ancient Hebrew have according to the gillad zachman the
number of a tested Biblical Hebrew words is 8,198 of which some 2,000 are hopos hopx
leina the number of Biblical Hebrew roots on which many of these words are based is around
2,000 okay bear that in mind bear that in mind ready hit me with the tlg this
is the thesaurus lingua gai it's a program that was put together when I was in graduate school had nothing to do
with it right and it's able to search you're able to be able to to um do
searches on specific words and find all the examples of where they are in the 4,000 plus authors that we
have okay watch the number of Greek words in the Corpus amounts to
110 million 110 million oh my God you are so
beautiful lady Greek you are so beautiful 110 million you can't even
fathom how much th thinkery has been oh
while the number of unique word forms and this is the one that's really important I want you to pay attention as future classical philologist I want you
to pay attention unique word forms is at 1.6 million how many did we have in
Hebrew a couple thousand and of those you know there's a lot of place names
and whatnot so you only got a few thousand words that you're a that um
have been left behind right through a fabrication process have been left
behind it's really unworkable it's unworkable um what is the gr C it's got
1.6 million okay 1.6 million unique words and you are
going to start forming those unique words and I'm going
to show you today how to do that are you ready I'm going to flash up a word boom
hisor look people how is that spelled called yoda Sigma to Omron row Yoda
Alpha where is the accent it's over the eoda it's Historia not
Historia okay nice and what is that little looks like the open an open
quotation over the eoda that is the rough
breathing which means we're going to add an H sound hisor
not istoria but hisor Fantastic look look at how
gorgeous this is now what is this word mean I want you to look at this word and mentally I want you to kill every vowel
what are our vowels here Yoda Omron Yoda Alpha I want you to kill them
and what do you have left you have Sigma toal row what is that you say that
doesn't seem nice all the vowels are doing in Greek is
tuning the Bas right tuning that
root tuning it watch this hisor Sigma Ro
is our root go to the next one and what do we do with that root first of all
what is the word hisor mean notice they're going to give you inquiry right up front right think about this think
about this when you read at the third grade level of the Torah from the mastic
text that they back translated in a thousand right on OD Domin when you're reading at that third grade level you're
not going to be able to get the nuances that you can in the Greek watch
inquiry look at look under a are you ready people people systematic or
scientific observation is that sexy is that sexy it's not
sheep right it's sexy it's not sheep it's
sexy oh God look at it linguistic sexiness geometry talking about in in
relation to Geometry knowledge obtained or information right what is that science
that we're going to be using it's a an attempt to obtain knowledge baby it says on the Temple of Apollo know yourself
these people are all about nosis they are all about
understanding and that is what is in the word hisor now I tell all of my Greek
students I tell them when you're looking at a word most of the time the overwhelming
majority of the time that word is going to be derived from a verb from an
action yeah not always but a good majority of the time go back to the verb
always go back to the verb that this word comes from next slide and you'll
see where um it'll give you kind of a sense first of all what do we have up here look what look what happened to my
word it's like a rabbit it had a whole bunch under the fertility god of Ancient
Greek it had a whole bunch of Offspring while we were sitting there talking look at these hiso right at the top there
practice people there's your verb there's your
verb and you don't want to know what that verb means it means to ask the Oracle your
question is that
gorgeous you like that look as we're going through what are you noticing is your eyes as your eyes are moving over
these are you noticing the same roote the same route look when we get about
halfway down we have historiographia what do you think
historiographia is if I tell you graph is the root for
writing historiography the very idea now that's a pretty good word for the SATs you know
what I mean that's a pretty good one um this not one that everybody uses today
and a lot of these words that you're going to come across that the anglosaxon tongue has
managed to to hijack um those Concepts you're going to
notice they're kind of at a you know it's kind of at an elevated level technically right what is historiography
h yes yes oh love it love it and what
else do we have what else do we have here at the bottom um yeah historian what is a
historian that's a fact baby that's a fact it's an incident it's reality An
Occurrence really oh that's what our minds going now give me give me some of
the English oh sorry give me the next one here's the verb people that we're looking for and I want you to say it
since you're learning the Greek spell it out for me Yoda Sigma to Omron row
Epsilon Omega he and you realize by the way you
realize it 730 people this is the biggest fraking Greek class on the
planet it's the biggest ancient Greek class on the planet and for those of you
because there's been so many orders for the Greek put off for a long time you
can't get these things for a long time there are Avenues I want you to mingle with the
community the satanic congregation and I want you to find out how it's possible
for you to for you to be able to learn this ancient Greek with without um um
without the privilege of money yeah I want you to find it I know
there are those of you who are looking keep looking right good fantastic hiso
how do we say it hiso and funny thing is the joke's on all of us because you're never going to
see this form because that those last two vowels are going to get subsumed
into one they're gonna get that Omega is gonna suck that Epsilon in Greek vowels ancient Greek vowels are
tuners they're tuners and some of them have different powers and that Omega is
the ultimate black hole it will suck in whatever whatever whatever vow you want
to put in there uh lovely here's the verb that it comes from right give me the next one now what happens you say
well this looks like a totally different word nope it's not what is this
oyas excuse me oyas where did he say Estus yes I
did this is where we get estris from but I want you to
notice kill the vowels and that terminal Sigma that terminal Sigma is just
dressing it's part of the it's part of the um declension right it's the part of
the it's just telling you what case it is this is syntax we're dealing with baby we're going to get into syntax and
I'll tell you what it is but it's just dressing for the what it's doing in the sentence it's just telling you hey I'm
gonna be the subject in the sentence right um so it's not part of the root what happens when you kill the vowels
you get Sigma row wait a minute you mean if I
modify that front vowel that I can change the word you're starting to get it you're
starting to get it you see how they play you see how they play this is music this is freaking music Oxford just did a
great bit on uh reclaiming the OS um that musical instrument readed
instrument um they did a fantastic job with notation of music oh God those
nerds they're CL clist right this is the kind of stuff that advances the study
that advances our understanding of History theology doesn't do that theology is not meant to do that there
is no inquiry in theology you are not meant to ask a question right hence hail
Satan fantastic let's go to the next one Boom o look here's another one now you
can slightly tune it slightly tune it with from the alpha to the Epsilon and
what's going to happen it's going to slightly change its meaning yeah now people in different
regions will use different vowels have a propensity to different vowels okay fine
um you've got to find the register you've got to find the place where that
word is anchored and that place is that root Sigma row keep thinking Sigma row
another word this is just you don't have to m mizing this I just want you to follow everybody should be following the
Greek when it's individual words I'm going to give you a giant definition here now you ready I want you to see
this o the former in plural okay fine you don't have to give us all the look
and they give us the beautiful one's in theocritus oh God look at the
OA what does it mean properly of the gadlight the oyster
it's to sting to sting look at definition number two Roman numeral number two to go mad and to rage it's
used of IO raging that's where we get our concept of estris
frenzy frenzy is this a sexual frenzy yes it is yes it is okay hit me with the
next one keep him in the zone watch this people um this is the
argument okay so let me let me step back having just seen what we're doing doing we're working with word bases and we're
following words through time we're following definitions of them right I've got some ancient definitions for those
that I'm going to bring up um look what happens here what have I got here I've got the verb now that the word Christ is
based in this is the base of Christ and christing what is it de now I told you
it's to be stung by that gadfly and everybody says oh the the biblical
scholar Dan mclen steps up and what is his reputation of that his reputation is oh
look he picked the bottom he picked the bottom definition you know what he didn't read Dan you didn't read anything
between the top and the bottom and that is not an academic ex that's not
scientific because you pick the bottom one what are you talking about do you know how to read these definitions Dan
you don't they are marked with the Greek interior to the definition so that you
can follow the word as it develops something Victorian classical
philologist gave us that biblical Scholars do not learn are you ready put your Greek where
your mouth is put it up there blow it up I want you to look look at number um at
the end of the first paragraph to touch the surface of the body is this really a
thing about contact it's about application look at
definition Roman number one to Rob anoint with scented uents is
oil okay so you're getting the idea application some kind of anguin or
anguin drugs yes an Antiquity anguin or pharmica okay anything to affect your
balance is going to affect a physiological balance according to the doctors is going to be a drug and look
at the third line under Roman numeral number one to at the end of it to rub or
infect with poison and they're talking about a peplos there they're talking
about a a piece of fabric right they're talking about a a dress but um some kind
of clothing into which you have impregnated you have CED some something
do we have examples of all of these taking of poisons and putting them into clothing yes a very good example is
Heracles remember he's the one who puts on the shirt that's full of the poison what happens to him it kills him
remember what media does she poisons that peplos that that woman wears and hers
bursts in the flame Isn't that cool and it's the the more water you throw on it
the just it just it just eats the water it's like some kind of
Napalm naughty people oh God and um so
do we have the impregnation of this of of the different strips and bandages and
all that kind of stuff sure all of that is there and all of that is within the definition of
christing right right now so you can take your Biblical Hebrew scholar and
you can set him back and he can say something that's absurd but you cannot tell the difference that's what this
class is for for you to be able to tell the difference so that you don't get
taken out now I wanna I want to say something I'm I'm gonna go ahead and say
this put down your put down your stylus for a
minute if we were in Rome we'd be writing with a stylus in a wax tablet
put down your stylus and if and this one Christian guy he got murdered by all students because he was
doing nasty stuff but anyway um I want to tell you today they stabbed him with
their stylist is that would that'd be a terrible way to die um any who um you
know things get out of hand um what's going on somebody there was a guest I'm not even gonna say the dude's name
because it's shameful this is a PSA this is a public service
announcement okay um there are people out there who will
intellectually lure you into a back alley and they will they will do things
to your brain that you know maybe you didn't realize at the time it was going on you can go see a
counselor about they could talk it out you know what I mean but they did things to your brain I saw this happen oh God
it was terrible it was terrible it was dark and it was on Joe Rogan just
yesterday day before um I think it was yesterday is when I saw it um and
somebody came on started talking smack about CIA
form now and it was apparent right away even to a classicist a classical
philologist we don't do cfor but as a classical philologist you have to have a certain exposure so I
took an entire semester with Norman yai who is uh one
of the world's Premier um experts on CIA form and um it's amazing to see an
artist at work who actually does the job it's amaz it's humbling I sat there the
whole class I was just humbled by the work then to see a guy go on Joe
Rogan and to give some kind
of oh God it always it always goes back to some kind of
prophet teering yeah some kind of prophet teering it's a it's amazing and
it makes me feel bad because to see people led down that pathway oh my God
Shame Shame on people shame on people for not
executing the skill but claiming claiming the honor shame on you
people anui anui you ought you all ought to be
embarrassed you ought to be embarrassed I'll tell him I'll tell him what anunaki
are I'll tell him tell him look at the Greeks show him shame on you people you
know what they were they were people who it says had great knowledge of the drugs right we just did this and they taught
the drugs and how to use it the medicine isn't that glorious that's glorious they
were they had it going on people how is it they had so much going on I don't know give me the next one um here I want
to I want to just give you a variation um of all the different forms of now you can take your oysters now
remember um I said oyr Mania right the Mania the madness that
comes from the gadflies sting right from the sting um here a
whole bunch of different words I just want you to see them and they're all based in the oyas this is not a a tiny
Concept in Antiquity this thing is all over the place before during the New
Testament and after flooding the culture so for Dan mclen not to know this it's
only because Dan mlen does not read ancient Greek give me the next one the that's
always the weakness every biblical scholar you know take them back to the source you can take what I'm giving you
everybody here tonight you can take this skill and you can you can do things to
the preachers and the teachers that will um they'll end up holding their hands up
like H right oh God it's gorgeous look at
some of these you could be mad and passionate look oh I'm mad driven by the G fly mad passion stain Madness oh sting
oh it hurts give me the next one bring it I just want you to see his chorus
look at the bottom very bottom line This is a genuine chorus right it's about
bac's mother and why am I bringing in bacas because you can't have Oysters
without bakus you cannot have a Christ without bakus look at the last line oy
stung to Madness by
dionis next one I wanted you to see it I wanted you to see it I've got it written
out maybe you don't need to see it so much anymore but I wanted you to see it go ahead there it is remember this
phrase people look at this phrase omon Sigma row a Theta Epsilon iot Sigma
oy yeah stung and there's Dion there's
dionis okay um it's built into the culture so that when I say it and I'm
giving you that honest information a guy like Dan Dan mlen from a back alley he
can come in and he can say hey I'm gonna get touchy feely
I'm going to put my hands into your brain and I'm going to touch and feel some theology on
you yeah it is I agree it's dishonest at its at its best
it's dishonest at its worst it's something that dead would do or write
about at least it's despicable how does this stuff get by I don't know where are the
Watchers I hope they're not watching give me the next one ois mad passion I just want you to
see the word next to this fron fron and people are gonna say oh my God Corpus hermeticum right when people
get all excited they talk to be talk to me about the Hermetic Corpus you know they want I want to talk about it right
if you haven't read that thing in Greek you you haven't gone there please people
please understand this is our chance at a Renaissance mad passion look at the fenon that's a medical one the FR on
yeah okay you're engaging your FR give me the next one boom boom look
at this one this is look at oyma to Smart at the gadfly sting right
that KRON that that next word there that that's the sting that's what Paul says
that's his Thorn it's a sting that he's given him a
notice that he said it's the sting in My Flesh in my
flesh you can't stand it can you come here Timothy come here Timothy Lydia give me
some boys says Paul nasty Paul the Apostle nasty bad
guy hit the next one boom what is this Oyo boletto look you can strike
something with a stink what is it used of of the dart of
Love oyster now think about this how difficult would it be in English to come
up with one word that was a striking stinging Dart fired from the god of
love you're not gonna you're not gonna get that you're not gonna get that in English no you're not Anglo-Saxons don't
think like that right marching through the bogs
baby go back to your bogs hey by the way um uh I wanted to
just throw out there really quick there is a really great project that's being done um by a guy who goes by the name
old boy a u l d b o y and he went to see
the purple that they just found in England right and every oh right here's
purple there's more coming right there's more prophecy coming um and he's making excellent videos that
are historically grounded and the reason I mentioned this at amanu is because he
has gone through the Intensive Greek course yes yeah now he's at the
intermediate level and he's reading yeah he's reading and he will tell you oh God
Greek it's so mammoth so huge right the more you the more you talk to somebody
who's had more and more Greek the more respect they have for the language it is it is endless like this we're talking
about we're dealing with one rot tonight can you believe that oh God hit us with the next one chewy hit us with the next
one oystra daos driven Round and Round by the gantly do you feel do you feel
people like sometimes you got oyster you're oyster genetic right think about that word how are we going to do that in
English my brain is it's under the influence you see it
does it all matters as you're being grown as a child it all matters what
language you're speaking it matters yeah look what they got to with
Mother Greek look what they got to all of your science God driven Round and Round by
the Gat flag give me the next one I want to keep hitting this look oy foros now people do you see what happening now
we're taking multiple roots and we're putting them together here you see the sigma tal row root because you're
killing you're killing all the vowels and then you see the F root and what is
that that's the bearing root the verb to bear or to carry is
pharoh so what is it when you carry the oyas you are maddening
you know what lover you carry the oysters who is it does it say here at
the bottom look at this name right under here people people who are just learning Greek sound this out this is p Alpha Fe
Yoda Ada pa pa notice the accents on the Yoda PA
now who is PA that's paffy and Aphrodite wait a minute the maddening
God goddess is afrodite what what do you think we've
been doing here it's bak and we're I'm leading you to Aphrodite that is exactly
what the baket cult does they even had an expression for it Ace
afran straight up to Aphrodite love it oh you see it's
Uranian you didn't realize all of this cult was Uranian did you did you they
had a test on theah who was more beautiful Media or um Achilles mother
and those idiots said it was killy's Mother and that's how we know that all
cratons are liars right because everybody knew that was not the
answer yeah yeah you had to be there right then Thea blew
up I don't know what happened let's go to the next one
I what is this oy gor what is that it is a creator of frenzy and who is this
remember all of this is coming from that bite of the Christ that
gadfly we are in that situation of christing we have that sting we have
that Sting the doctor say you put it right in your eyes and who is bringing it it's Aeros
baby it's Aeros of course it is who's the god of the Mysteries right
Aeros you didn't realize that a oh remember he's got
Wings have you ever seen the devil fly have you ever seen the devil fly he
flies on Golden Wings oh isn't that amazing you didn't realize
that AOS and oh man you see now if we had that
Seck that epiphanous calls the satanists and if you don't believe me go read
epiphanous if we had that sect of Satanist around you'd see the exact overlap between Aeros and
Lucifer who is that most handsome you know who that is it's the guy who scrapes his armpits and gives it to the
AA to the eve we life baby scrapes his armpits yeah I don't
know it's got something it's got something in it hros they call it love
it let's go to the next one quickly here oyr Mania here finally here it is danam mlen that's for you look at up figure it
out go go to the next one oyra pla now watch this people I'm gonna I'm I'm just
by using the words right I'm the bases what I'm going to do is I'm going to
explain to you I'm going to open up a passage of the Bible that has never been opened
before Dan mlen can look at this and be
humbled be humbled watch this people this is the power of classical philology baby oyster pla what is the plan route
the P Lambda new root that is the wandering route we get
planetes we get wandering plan you know what the planets are they're Wanderers
they didn't call them planets you and I call them planets when you see Venus you thank to yourself Planet
you don't thank Wanderer and I need you to go deep now go back to the original
wandering oyas wandering Mania causing the
wanderings of Madness are you ready are you ready to
see how it's in the Bible hit it hit it I know we're going to get to the book in just a
second what's happening what is this saying it says there are some
dudes right this is the problem judah's been talking about some dudes that are
infiltrating there are Christians who are practicing in a way that he doesn't like and he calls them look at that
second line AIS plan AIS planti now you don't see the
mental side of this unless you read ancient Greek texts and you know there is an
association between the madness or Ecstasy of Prophecy and the wandering of
the Mind these are stars aades look at that
word aades take take off the kill the vowels kill the alpha kill the Epsilon kill the second Epsilon and it's Sigma
and what do you get Sigma tow
row an ny what a what did you think yeah
they're they're freaking aliens seriously what what have we done with the science for the last 200 freaking
years people it's like walking into the museum and taking a dump on the on the
History Section what are you doing dude scientific inquiry scientific inquiries shame on the shame
on you sellers you sellouts go go in the back alleys that's what you're all about
it's disgusting go to the next one we get an eye on there but I want to continue on
um what did the seventh from Adam this guy named Enoch I'm translating what this is what Jude says what did the
seventh from Adam say and I want you to notice he's quoting right he's quoting
right okay I want you to realize dealing with sources right
you're going to be reading Greek and you're going to be reading quotes of other people when epiphanius talks about
Jesus Christ who was arrested in public park with a naked boy screaming I'm not a trafficker when he talks about him um
performing a sexual act on Mary in a mountain as a part of Salvation as a
part of drink my him a baby and eat my
flesh and as a part of that it's coming from
sources right you can track all this stuff this is not guesswork it is crime
scene investigation and we have evidence give me the next one boom I'm G to get
to the lesson just give me a second right what's happening what's happening
oh my God these people these people who are inserting themselves it says they're
inserting themselves and they're following ancient
custom right because they're written about a while ago it says they're going
to be AES what is that that's not having sabba
not having that proper reverence for the gods right and what did they do they
took the the they took the that grace of God and they transformed it into what
Aela give me the next slide what is what is the
assel that's going on people what is it what do you do when you're AIC Lous or
want and violence licentiousness yeah okay you can do what
you want I got a whole okay it's going to be six of us and two of them you can
do whatever you want to the two of them okay we will help and we will assist and we will
facilitate yeah and what have happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right okay all
right hit me with the next one hit me with the next one oyster ples because I suddenly am stung by the gadfly and
driven wild wild and I am a bant
Christ I am a boning Christ the bit of anything take it down for a minute chewy
of anything that I've told you this will make the biggest splash
because um this will drive a a a wedge into between the false history that's
been built up for you full of this Christian theology judeo-christian
monest theology This Will Destroy it the the
name the word Christ it's not a name it's a title the word Christ is a drug
term Jesus was a drug guy we just looked at putting drugs onto cloth do you
remember the woman who had the issue of blood what did she do all she had to do
was touch him all she had to do was touch him you know why because that Christ was
christed and he was walking around high and full of drugs they put them on their
clothing now some of you say how stupid is that well some of the sophisticated ones you could light that stuff on fire
make a little make a little you know impression on people some of that stuff
would be immediately toxic oh fantastic you know what I do if I'm a
priestess and I'm eight years old I'm getting up every morning I'm training to
be the one of the Medusa you know what I do I cut I make lateral Cuts in my arms
and then I take a linen bandage and I impregnate with drugs that I then put
over and those drugs are the ones that we're all taking from the snakes because that's what they're teaching us to do
now is to handle those snakes because if you're a good Christian and you follow Jesus's precise words you will take up
snakes and you'll start drinking death drugs and they won't hurt
you do you see it's the real Jesus it's the real
Jesus hit the next one and you can get there through the words OES that's that's fine raging or frantic give me
the next one no problem that's we're hitting it here's the word for Star a
and I wanted you to see it same route again people same route fantastic give
me the next one fantastic boom boom here's Jude who do who do I not want you
to be I don't want you to be like these people why because from they've been
practicing this mystery for a long time and it always ends up and Sodom and gomorah you know they're using the same
methods right and what are they doing they're going after that heteros SARS
right that that other flesh the other meat yeah and what are they doing
they're providing example they're providing an example of that ionic
fire right that ionic fire they're going to be subject to
dek because they are harnessing the ionic fire now this is the part I told
you there's no Christian who knows what this means none none well I don't know maybe there is maybe there is somewhere
who got his Greek in gear or hers and really pushed I would say hers but you know realistically Bible studies doesn't
really encourage I mean they do have you know it's I don't know I don't know um
yeah the first thing I noticed about Classics was it was majority women in my department yeah and I thought how how
nice look at this the women are encouraged to study this right because
it doesn't say women submit it doesn't say that it's got all sorts of stuff
look at it look at this thing I found I've got this word I found for you guys tonight it's gorgeous I hadn't seen it
before um keep going keep going we'll run up to it we'll run up to it um this is the word just e porell I've seen this
one a lot to commit fornication people what are the people doing I want you to notice Dan I want Dan mlen here right
now now Dan get over here get over here Dan that's because you claimed it and
didn't rate it now let's
seeo Dan it means to commit fornication but it's also idolatry Dan
look and they're pulling your septu agent there they're pulling your septu agent Dan as a
source oh my God oh my God you didn't realize the mystery was sexual did you
the very same word the what does fornication mean that's what what a Victorian says to mean sex just
sex sex baby just sex for sex sake boom
Temple of Aphrodite baby right oh
God God sex is bad right Yahoo hates sex Jesus hates sex who does Jesus end up
with he he ends up with those that he can dominate he ends up with little kids in a public
park yeah what's going on what's the psychology who knows it's not up to me I
don't care anyway right I do care ultimately but it's not up to me to decide what was going on in Jesus Christ
said when he was arrested in a public park with a naked kid look at the next verse here from Jude oh God what are
they doing in the end just look at the last word what do these people end up doing they end up blaspheming they end up blaspheming and
look at this first word on the second line meus everybody spell that out mu
Yoda Alpha Yoda new Omron oilon Sigma Yoda new
me accent over the Yoda now the Yoda and the alpha are a diff thong we're about
to look at those me you like that what does it mean to
Meo it means to stain means to stain yourself do you know what
now hang on before you start thinking like a Victorian or start thinking like a somebody who's you know Towing some
kind of theological line um it literally means sustain and so in the Greek word
itself is that concept whether whether or not you put a religious you know
Twist on it or not the idea of staining is there and who stains not only these
people who are practicing this cult but you know this this form of Christianity but um
also those who were um giving us the knowledge you
remember the sons of God that came into the daughters of men and Enoch yester uh on sun uh no Monday do you remember
those um this is who he's talking about right they stain
themselves yeah I stain themselves and what do they end up entering into they end up entering into
blasphemy blasphemy okay when Jesus Christ was
arested with that kid there was an element of blasphemy thrown into his
trial yeah if you can call it a trial yeah cuz you know lace dayss are lace
days people keep asking me about lace remember don't forget Julius Caesar was
taken captive he was uh kidnapped by leay by Ley excuse me the plural and
what did he do as soon as he got away he came back and crucified them why because
you crucify traffickers you crucify them
you crucify them when I'm saying traffickers I'm talking about people who exchange children I'm not talking about
the slave SL trade the legitimate Mediterranean slave
trade is not TR trafficking I'm talking about people who show up and abduct your
young kids to sell them as sexual objects that is a lace taste that is
what Jesus is defending himself as not being when he is arrested with that kid
everybody knows lace die get crucified they deserve to die that way they
deserve it you mean people were saying Jesus deserved now you understand what the crowd was doing you understand it
was there for right right oh God I'm sorry let's keep going let's keep going
we all know this right no we don't um here's the word I found for you perfect timing look at this this is for
everybody who just wants something delicious are you ready in Austria
in asria what is that she who dreams and it's the title of a book look
the person who did this the person who did this made up this word to talk about
to be you know what her what her story was who's this about it's about she who
dreams I love that I love that look we've got in English a little phrase she who who dreams you don't need that and
GRE you make up one concept one concept oh God the power is amazing give me give
me the next one give me the next one finally I don't want to um for the text wise I don't I don't want to belabor
anything we've got to jump um but I just want you to notice that second to last line we got damonia we got damonia if
you start at verse 16 I'm just going to I'm going to translate this for you the one who this is Jesus right it's the end
of Mark the one who believes and is baptized will be saved the one who
doesn't believe will be judged and um the for those who believe there will be
signs that they do in my name they will cast out
demons they'll speak in new languages and what else do they do
they'll they'll take up serpents when I say take up I just mean lift I mean to take up as a practice ice to take up as
a way of life they'll take up Serpent and they'll drink when whenever
it says whenever whenever they drink the death inducers it won't hurt
them that is a true Christian from the mouth of Jesus the Christ
himself Dan mlen you do not recognize the Christ as
a drug term because you don't read Greek Dan mlen you don't recognize the
Christ as the one who drinks the th Simon who takes the christing and who is
resurrected because you have never done that then you are
uninitiated not only are you uninitiated in the mystery you are uninitiated in
ancient Greek shame on you for taking Glory that's not yours go to the next
one boom okay we're going to jump here's the lifting up serpents yeah we got it we got it we got it already go to the
next one here we go people uh um oh you know what I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna
jump right to the end jump uh jump right to our right to this let's see oh I had
so much prepared few people but I don't want to take up an inordinate amount of time um let us go
so for people who are asking me about the book again please ask around I know
if your conditions don't allow you I know there's ways to get it right the
cheapest ways possible yes fantastic I don't want anybody to be held back because they cannot get a book right and
thank you for crashing the thank you for crashing the people at the um publisher
too go give me give me that one okay look there are a couple of very very important little paragraphs little
charts that I need you to know as you are reading unit one and I tell people
get your alphabet down that's what you need if you've gotten your alphabet down and if you're able to begin looking at
Greek words um and pronouncing them you're in a good spot but what I want you to do is I want you to read unit one
and I want you to try to do those first five exercises in unit one and I'm going to walk you through those now if you've
done them great if you're going to do them great but I want you to notice I'm going to give you only the stuff that
you need this is the stuff that's going to get us through this specialized training are you ready look at these
diff thongs on the left what is a diff thong a d thong is when you take two vowels and you put them together what
vowels are we talking about Alpha Epsilon Ada Yoda Omron oilon Omega I
that one more time Alpha Epsilon Ada eota Omron Upsilon Omega seven vowels
those are the seven spheres of the
cosmos wait what those are the seven
spheres of the cosmos what is cosmos it is the
organization of the universe it's the organization are you ready the
organization has those seven vowels Alpha Epsilon Ada Yoda Omron oilon Omega
okay when you combine those together like the first one that we have is alpha eoda alpha eoda and when you take two
vowels and they combine into one they make one noise right you go from alpha
eota is a e combine them together you get
I I makes a different sound um Epsilon
eoda you have e in the Epsilon e in the Yoda when you combine them together
a okay and that's what I want I want you to follow this pronunciation for oi we
look at oops okay wait a minute look at oops Yoda and you're going to think that's o and E right so we something
like that notice that you get a w sound that starts coming out why because there is a diagma hiding in that
oilon you mean a consonant is in there being close with that vow yeah it
happens right oh love it we we here the
wson is we we weos is the word for sun oilon eot
Omron Sigma whoos good you're going to give vocabulary don't worry so people
focus on this chart get all of your diff thongs down so you can pronounce words you can pronounce words like the words
they give you in the example look you've got the the first word there a a see the
D thong eye on the front of it good practice that get it down go to the next
one go to the next one um word roots I tell you give me a blow up look at this
chart at the bottom this box summary of Greek cases I want you to look at these
five cases what are cases cases are part of noun adjectives
participles have cases yeah now what do you do with a case just think about a
noun for a minute and this is where everybody learns this so don't be embarrassed um a verb is your action
it's the word that's the doing the jumping the running the being being is doing to yeah
what is a noun it's you know we call it the person place or thing what I want you to know is the nouns are the things
that can be doing or can have things done to them they are the dressing for
the verb oh okay okay I get it watch this there each of them has
cases what does that mean it means the end of the word will change changing its case and what cases do we have do you
need to think through this no stop trying to if you get confused whenever
you get confused in ancient Greek stop thinking I tell my students this all the
time nobody ever trusts me until they get to a point where they understand what it means stop
thinking what do you need to know you need to know these five cases every now
is going to have five cases the first case is called the
nominative yeah that's all I need you to say spit that out how many cases five
okay thank you very much what's the first one nominative what is the first
case nominative nominative nominative what is the second genitive third dative
fourth accusative what is that fifth type of case that they
vocative vocative now what we're going to do is we're going to use those first
four cases all the time and every once in a while we're going to use that fifth
case and when we do I'll make it obvious for you because all we're going to
memorize are those first four I don't want you memorizing vocatives I want you
memorizing nominative genitive dative accusative and always in that order nominative now I'm going to tell you
this once what each of those is the nominative case is the subject that's
all I want I don't want you to think about it I want you to be able to say when I yell at you in your face what is
the nominative case and you will say it is the subject what is the genitive case it is
the case of possession what is the dative case it's the indirect
object I don't even know what an indirect object is you say I don't care
I need you to know that the dative case is an indirect object just stop there
what's the accusative a direct object isn't that nice nominative subject
genitive possession dative indirect object accusative direct object that's
all I need you to do the vocative is a case of a dress and it's barely used
okay so we're not gonna um we're going to worry about the top four next one
give me the next one what else do I need you to focus on in chapter one these are first declension nouns now what does
that mean what is declension thank a declin is a family or a group of nouns
we're going to have three in Greek we're gonna have three this is the first and
most of these are feminine they are feminine what you mean nouns can have
gender yes yes what are the genders that we have in Greek we have masculine
feminine neuter masculine feminine neuter masculine feminine and neuter
that's all I want you to know mfn are you ready here's some feminine
ones for you and what happens what are these what is going on in this chart it's a little Dash with a letter or a
couple of letters after it and that little Dash is telling you you can take this and put it on the end of a the base
of a noun in order to make it that case for example the word for soul is
you hear the A on the end of it that's the nominative it's the subject the soul
lives right the Soul's the subject the soul eats worms the soul is the subject
it's got an end in that ADA to tell the person who's reading it oh this is a subject bro okay look at the one
underneath that genitive Ace what happens when you add Ace and make it
means of the Soul it's possessive of the soul
the purpose of the soul is blah blah blah the purpose of the Soul then it's
got to be it's got to end with that ADA Sigma what about the dative it's an ADA with a
little tiny eoda everybody see a little tiny eoda subscript what's an ioda
subscript an ioda subscript is a tiny miniaturized Yoda that you place
underneath the vowel and that's a dative I told you
that's the indirect object dative indirect object how do we translate that in Greek to for or with you're G to
start with those to for or with to the
soul for the soul with the soul how did you do that I It With My
Soul all they have to say is with that ending and the person knows oh this is an
indirect object this is this is something that it can be an
instrument wow fantastic how'd you do it I did it with my soul and then finally
the accusative look at the accusative a look at the accusative a you see the a a
new after the accusative when you attach that to the word p and become
you what does that mean it means that's being acted on by the verb I eat the
spaghetti I got to put spaghetti in the accusative case because it is being
accused it's being acted upon by the verb I kick the ball the ball was in the
accusative case I love my soul oh that sounds so do that sound creepy that
sounds like something some what do you call those people to you walk around saying you got to love yourself I don't know hippies I don't
know go to the next one um look at this people um now here's the second de oh
wait go back go back in all fairness I'm sorry um I just did the singular I want you to notice it says underneath it it
says nominative plural right so then you're going to have to add the alpha e Yoda if you want to say Souls as the
subject Souls do something you got to add Alpha eota suai
so I forgot to tell you with nouns we've got a singular form and a plural form dog singular dogs plural look what we do
in English we add an S English is a lightly inflected language our um our
nouns are going to be lightly declined right we've got a oh look what we got
we've got dogs we add an S and all of a sudden it's plural right well the Greek
has its own plural endings right you'll see them there okay I want you to um I
want you to be satisfied with that go to the next one go to the next one what do you need to know from this this is the
take-home replay this back to yourself here are second declension nouns and
look at their endings they're different from the first eion and most of these are masculine or
neuter masculine or neuter um typical word second e clinin
word that you get in your vocabulary is on anthropos the word for human we get anthropology from it right human a human
in the nominative case is an anthropos but when we switch to the genitive case and we want to say of the human we say
anthropo and our accent changes position anop now you don't have to
worry about don't worry about accents right now I know people fret over accents and I'm going to tell you
exactly what they told me at California Berkeley when I took the Intensive course
and for those of you who want to say oh that's political that says something political you morons I didn't I didn't
have more than five seconds to myself we went to school for eight hours a day
came home and did four to six hours of work for the next day to prep for the
next day oh there was no politics I have Berkeley
is freaking awesome their Classics was freaking awesome um watch this people
look at the ends here they're going to change and you're going to be able to look at those endings say oh okay this is how they're This Is How They relay a
case to me nominative genitive dative accus nominative gen dative accus hit me with the next one I just want you to see
the words written out we've only got one two more of these I want you to see the words written out look at this oh they
give you logos logos right right up front logos logos logu logo log on now
um these are just examples right of noun the next one is anthropos there it is anthropo right you can see how it
changes they're just going to walk you through how these words are going to change now what do you need to do you
need to do exactly what I needed to do you need to make mental slots for all of
these paradigms all of these ladders of endings that we go through you should
memorize them what are the feminine endings a a a a I own ice o that was
both singular and plural I just gave you and I can do that in my sleep a a a i on
Ice you have to get to that point where you can just it becomes muscle memory
for you so these charts that I'm showing you I want you to
memorize those endings I want you to memorize the feminine of the first the
masculine and the neuter of the second okay masculine and neuter of the
second give me the next chart give me the next chart finally what else does unit one
give us it gives us the definite article this thing at the top in this box and you're going to notice oh look
it's got nominative it's it's also got cases nominative gen dative accusative singular and then underneath that
nominative genitive dative accusative plural right dog is subject dog is
possession dog as indirect object dog as direct object in the singular and then
same thing in the plural now look at the feminine it's going to give you feminine forms and look at the neuter it's going
to give you neuter forms and you're going to notice look at the feminine for example it's an ADA you say wait a
minute that's that just looks just like the the ending on the first declension nouns yes it does right look
at the genitive ace is the ending looks like just like the noun so you really aren't learning new forms here you have
to memorize this definite article I want you to do it in this way I want you to
take the masculine column and I want you to go right down I want you to take the feminine column and go right down neuter
and go right down masculine right H to toon Hoon toy
to I want you to be able to do that you've got to be able to exercise some
of you will hate this and you'll say this is the worst part of Greek and there are a whole bunch of English boys
and girls who agree with you um from 100 years ago because what would those
English do in their classes all day uh um they would recite these
declensions they would recite the endings of verbs and you think what a waste of time no no no what you're doing
is you're programming yourself to be able to function within this heavily
inflected language when I say inflected I mean the endings of words are going to
change that change will tell you what the word is doing you most of my
audience okay if I'm talking to Modern Greeks or something never mind but most of you those of you who speak English as
a your primary language you're used to the word order right those Anglo Saxons were like oh God how do we how do we
make life easy I know we'll put everything in order and the first thing I say has got to be the subject then
you've got to say the verb then you've got to say the direct object right we'll do it by word order That's How we'll
tell I ate the spaghetti I can't say the spaghetti ate
I because then I'm thinking about spaghetti eating someone because my stupid English brain is stuck in word
order and it's gonna affect everything you do from now on Greek does not use
word order think about that for a minute a ancient Greek passage can spit at you
50 words and you don't get the main verb until the end of the thing you don't really know what's going on until the
very end you're just juggling and stuff in your brain do you see what I mean in order to allow you to be able to juggle
this we've got to get the muscle memory we've got to get the mus muscle memory
down I need you to memorize the definite article okay what I'm going to do you take it down take it down show what I'm
going to do for next week look there 880 this is officially the largest ever
ancient great class largest ever right we should be proud of this
and we should nurture this and get ourselves to the right place now listen to me if you need a pep talk if you're
not doing this every every day if you're not taking this book that you've got if you're not looking at unit one for 30
minutes a day very bare minimum 30 and you can do
this on the toilet you do it in your car when you're not driving you can do it
you know at a restaurant when you're waiting for your beloved to show up um you can do it wherever you've got a few
extra minutes drinking a little bit read the vocabulary list and try to pronounce the vocabulary list from unit one over
tea with your spouse drive them crazy and they they'll look at you like what
this stuff's crazy right but you've got to you've got to put in a certain amount of work there's a I'm G to give you this
as a final um kind of you know inspiration tonight um there
is um a place that I need to take you I need to take you to the gym and if you
stop working out you're not going to make it you fall by the wayside the very um one of the very
earliest instructions that I remember from John Scarboro my advisor um was that if you stop it
leaks you can take a professor who's had 50 years of translation and if that
Professor stops for a couple of weeks he's he or she is going to leak they're
going to leak because it is not a Spoke language it is specifically a language
that we just translate unless you are actively working it you are losing what
you have built up you have to make constant progress and even if that is
just 30 minutes a day 30 minutes a day imagine that if I told you I have a
magic pill maybe this would be our commercial because we don't have commercials because we're not here for the fraking money but if I had a pill
for you and I said if you take this every day it will grow your brain your your head
will get bigger people will look at you and be like damn what's happening to your head bro and it'll be big because it's growing if I had that pill for you
I do it's Greek and your brain doesn't need to get physically bigger it needs
to make more connections the Greek's going to allow you to do
that thank you to the 800 some people who are
consistently oh almost 900 thank you to the 900 people who are making this
officially the biggest class somebody write to Guinness okay I taught at University I
taught at a giant University um University of Wisconsin I'm the only graduate student to ever teach medical
terms by myself uh when a professor had a she had a maternity leave right so I
took over the class um and there were hundreds of people in the class I think
we had like 270 something like that I've been in myth classes where there are 10 uh
excuse me where there are five uh uh teaching assistants each of
us with 120 students right I've been in classes of a
thousand people and I can tell you something this is the
only ancient Greek course with this many people look what we did I want to I want
to Revel in this and I want to say hey um Harvard Watch What Happens watch what
happens when you take out the greed and when people just want to be able to use
the instrument when you free people this is what happens thank you for coming
tonight and we will be on Friday night for a traditional um lady Babylon and I
look forward to bringing you yet one more peeling back of that unreality to
show you the beauty of what is thank you for coming tonight hell Satan something
in the wind lightning hit you near fried to Little Bits H Satan in the chorus try
some you one more knock knock them at the door GG Penny wise put the twinkle
in your eyes Jesus on the cross from harming little ones don't mess with the
kids media she will come which Queen of the Dragons media Mama Mia dreams come
through my de she'll knock you on the rear put something in your beer hot
purple they eat fetus bleed out skin go deeper Jeepers to the creepers smoking
sensia ancient Greek we read a Venom from the tea bloody Uzi Seer Grim to the
reaper lavender media India hit you on the
Beeper poison hit you with a kiss Dr Venom drip F ging her lip like poison
hit you with a kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip poisoness hit you with
a kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip poisoness hit you
with a kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip